60 multiple choice
No short answer

Ch 4, 5, 6 parallel programming 

Loops 
	Given some code that will contain while loop, for loop
		What is the expected output?
		How many times does the loop iterate
	While loop pretest loop, do-while post test, for pretest loop
	When do you use which loop?
		While loop - input validation, other random cases
		Do- while loop - menu based programs, if you want to run your program again (based on what the user wants)
		For loop - when you have an initialization statement, expression, & an update..... also when you know the number or iterations.... good for arrays
	For loop - initialization only happens once
	Nester loop
	Infinite loop- how to prevent
	Given some code that contains increment &/ or decrement operator, what is the expected output
	File Access 
	
	
	To write
	
	IF you create a variable with fstream, you can read or write to/ from the file &you have to indicate the open mode(ios::in, ios::out,ios::app)
	Select the correct syntax for writing to a file
	ofstream outFile;
	
Arrays
	Unlike regular variables, arrays can hold multiple values - that are the same data type
	The values in the arrays are called elements
	To access an element, use the array name with the subscript/index
	Subscript/index numbering begins with 0 
	Know correct syntax to define an array
	double numbers[100];
	Be able to recognize a full initialization list, implicit array sizing, and a partial initialization list
	int nums[100] = {86,43};
	By using the same subscript, you can build relationships between data stored in two or more arrays.... parallel arrays.
	The name of an array stores the memory address of the first element
	A 2D array is like several identical arrays put together.
	2D arrays are viewed as rows and columns
	double nums[4][3];
	Given an array definition
		Tell where a certain value is stored in the array
		Tell what would be printed out if cout a particular element
	An array can be easily stepped through using a for loop.
	To assign the contents of one array to another, you must use a for loop.
	string names[100];
	string addresses[100];
	To pass an array as an argument to a function, pass the name of the array
	What file do you include to use the vector standard template library
	
Parallel Programming
	computer has multiple cores - programs do not automatically run in parallel.
	What is clock rate?
	What is the goal of parallel programming?
	
	
	
	
	